Chapters 1-3

Mentioned that a good manager helps you figure out what's important. This is something I've looked for in past managers and haven't found until I got to Google.
repeated a lot of what I've heard elsewhere about one on ones. Specifically that they should build some sort of comraderie by talking about big life events. The book made the point that one on ones shouldn't just be status meetings.

one big responsibility for manager's is telling engineers what needs to happen.
One of the main things I'm reading about being a tech lead is that you're trying to empower others, and I think that part sounds fun. Like, how can I help Yokesh to be more productive, or to get that promotion? Or how can I help Korn remove that roadblock, or meet with someone who knows how to work with a tech that he's about to start using? That part sounds fun to me.
The project management part sounds fun, too. I do enjoy planning and prioritizing (although I also enjoy other things, so it's not the only reason to be a tech lead).
A big part of being a tech lead is project management, i.e. breaking the big task down into smaller tasks and then guessing how long each of those things will take (also remember you can ask for input from other people on how long they will take). So like what Xin is doing with the progress chart, and what Yi did when he said "this task comes first" and "this task comes second".

action items: set a 6 month reminder to, esp as a tech lead, look for opportunities to compromise on features. It may even be possible to declare up front what can be compromised on and what cannot (or a priority sort of list of what is most important to least important). compromising, or coming up with easier ways to get something done, is a super useful skill.
action items: make a note to talk with Xin about what's important on the team. Just like, "what's important?" It's also a good question for Josh. What aspects do we care about? I know meeting our deadlines is important. What about number of bugs from customers? Are there people that judge our product? What do they look for? Or even it would be great to ask Xin what he needs to happen in order for him to get promoted. (Seriously that'd be a really interesting question.)
action item: next time you give a presentation, ask Xin for feedback about it (preferably immediately afterwards). it's also good to ask him for feedback on a design doc, perhaps in a one on one (or in a team meeting). also I should ask him for feedback about my work on HRS.
action item: look for grow courses on apps framework and on boq. what was that one course I sent to Yokesh. oh, also a spanner course would be useful.
action item: is it possible to record videos while going about my regular work? I think it'd help reduce the effort to watch grow courses if I had them available on my personal laptop (I wouldn't have to worry about setting up Lunar before bed.)
action item: write down that monica said that if I communicate a change in plan that also helps a lot. or if I can keep the plan the same / stable then that's preferable.
action item: ask Korn if he'd be interested in pair programming some time, and Xin after that. But with Xin maybe it's more of me just watching him, since he doesn't get a lot of time to code and I don't want to slow him down. I would stagger it too... so ask Yokesh first, then Korn, then Xin.
action item: set a reminder for every couple months that if you get a new hire, ask if you can mentor him, and then review the "how to mentor a new hire" section of The Manager's Path before you begin. It'd be good experience to mentor and practice that skill, I'd do a really good job compared to some people, and it'd help me start to influence my team in a positive direction.
action item: it's definitely worth mentioning to Jason (at some point) that my team dynamic is: Josh talks a lot, and sets the direction for everything. Not super sociable or cool or people person, but is actually nice, just dorky. Everyone on team, including Xin, really relies on Josh for technical guidance. This is in stark contrast to both my teams at Amazon where my managers relied on engineer's opinions. Managers had to know what's going on, and make the final decision, but relied on engineers to tell them what's going on, what the priorities are, etc. I'm glad I had that experience because I have suggested some changes to Josh and the team, for instance in a design doc review, and they were well-received. My team doesn't have a lot of alpha dudes vying to be right... and they are very open to suggestions, probably more so than Amazon (perhaps because at Amazon everyone was expected to have an opinion, and when you're surrounded with opinions you have to disagree with them sometimes too).
action item: as the book mentioned, it'd be great to know what Marcos' goals are during the mentorship process. what he wants to get out of it. it's a totally reasonable question for Jason too. Although with Jason I may want to preface it with "I sort of assume your goal is to help me so that I can further the aims of EA, and also in part because you sorta enjoy mentoring". Worth bringing up with Jason though anyways, if only for fun / to get to know him a bit.
action item: ask Xin what our plan to hire more people is. Also, text him about how many people we lost out of how many. in terms of hiring more people, can we take on more interns? I'd be happy to help coach the interns (I think I could do a good job, to be honest, without spending too much time on it either).
action item: write in Xin notes: One important thing I've learned from Xin is to be flexible so that you don't block people from making progress. Need to find some balance between flexible and inflexible (the latter being important for sticking to high standards). For me, being flexible would be the challenge, and it's important to let people do things their way when they want.
action item: Talking With Tech Leads sounds like a good book. It's mentioned in The Manager's Path.
remember that it's important to interface with business and so on as a tech lead, so if you can cultivate those relationships that'd be ideal.
action item: set a reminder for every 6 months to include a project management section in your design docs (also leave a note that this reminder should be deleted after you've internalized it). the project management is just part of the work. Or at least consider including this in your design doc (or maybe it is in the appendix).